== 0.4.4

* Fixed bug with ports other than default not working due to too-early initialization

== 0.4.3

* Added folder method to CameraEvent
* File and folder methods now correctly deal with FOLDER_ADDED and FILE_ADDED events

== 0.4.2

Pulled changes from Tallak Tveide

* Added pthread to keep camera alive when library is available
* Added several question mark methods (has_config?, has_image_capture? and
  has_preview?) based on gphoto2 camera abilities
* Added model_name
* Added dispose method that allows to reuse same code and reinitialize camera

== 0.4.1

* Fix for canon cameras to keep "capture=on" between ruby calls. Though it shows
  "capture=false" but config can be refreshed with config(:no_cache)
* Added possibility and instructions for compiling gem against specified version
  of libgphoto2

== 0.4.0

* Tested ruby support including 1.9.1
* Changed main gem hosting to gemcutter.org

== 0.3.4

* Test version on compatibility with different ruby versions including 1.9

== 0.3.3

* Removed fake unknown type event catch when receiving file or folder created evt
* Fixed bug of segmentation fault when raising exception in wait

== 0.3.2

* Added setting and getting of GP_WIDGET_DATE type configs. Behavior is strange
  though. In nikon D80 config name "time" can be set, but when reading keep
  getting value 3 hours earlier. For any camera time zone. But the value set is
  correctly applied to exif. So can be used somehow

== 0.3.1

* Added files_count function and parameter allowing to limit files function
  output
* Some experimental refactoring to catch memory leaks

== 0.3.0

* Fixed memory leak configuration manipulation

== 0.2.9

* Fixed bug when could not build gem on MacOs

== 0.2.8

* Added reset filesystem in some calls to make it more stable

== 0.2.7

* In some situations CameraEvent can have 'unknown' type while
  file was added. Same as ordinary 'file added' event, this event
  is followed by another 'unknown' type event. Second 'unknown'
  type event is omited.

== 0.2.6

* Can use config(:no_cache)

== 0.2.5

* Another bug with memory allocation fixed

== 0.2.4

* fixed memory allocation bug with CameraFilePath pointer

== 0.2.3

* fixed bug where :no_cache directive had no effect on config caching
* added create_folder function

== 0.2.2

* fixed bug where event "file added" was not changing file path

== 0.2.1

* fixed bug where several cameras could not be initialized

== 0.2.0

* to_s and to_f are applied to config values for radio and range types
* delete :all
* TOGGLE (true false) and TEXT configuration type support along with
  constants
* allocation safe ports method
* separated source in several files

== 0.1.6

* wait method is added along with returned GPhoto2::CameraEvent class.
  needed when capturing images manually while still connected through USB

== 0.1.5

* GPhoto2::Camera.ports now returns only ports with cameras and
  doesn't return empty array if there is one camera connected.

== 0.1.4

* Added option to download first and last files with save method

== 0.1.3

* Added "delete file from camera" function
* Directive :type and class constant to determine config type
* "Configs" is now "config" (method name change)
* Configs are now cached in instance variable
* Added config_merge method
* ProgrammerError removed
* Removed allowed values check. Values just dont change instead of raising Errors

== 0.1.2

* Had to change version number to make gem build
* 'Save' function can accept options. See rdoc
* Gemspec made safer

== 0.1.1

* Added rdoc comments
* Added saving captured image to specified folder
* Added folders browsing
* Added folders and files listing

== 0.1.0

* Initial import
* Camera configuration (limited to radio-button and float type of items)
* Camera capture image command
